index.md, before:

---
title: ItaCa
---

<img src="/assets/images/banner.jpg" style="width: 100%;" />


## What is ItaCa?

Our name stands for **Ita**lian **Ca**tegory theorists, but it also reminds the island where Odysseus strived so hard to come back.

During the [Category Theory 2019](http://conferences.inf.ed.ac.uk/ct2019/) in Scotland, it became apparent how many Italians are present in the Category Theory community: some of us proposed to join them all in an official network. This is **ItaCa**: a group of mathematicians scattered all around the world, united by their love for Category Theory and their Italian heritage.

The community we would like to create is as open and inclusive as possible, without distinction of gender, ethnicity, language, or mathematical opinion. The island of ItaCa is open to all kinds of mathematicians, no matter their nationality and background.

It is, however, made by Italians, and more generally by category theorists in Italy, and has a core of Italians among the organizers and promoters.

This is to say: despite its apparent absence from the scenes, Italian Category Theory exists, and we want it to thrive.

We are still a small community, but we are slowly growing. You are more than welcome to **join us** and help us grow! In particular, feel free to join our [Google group](mailto:progettoitaca+subscribe@googlegroups.com) sending a subscription email (it can have arbitrary subject and body), and our [Facebook group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/507590330041282/).

## Latest news

- Stati Generali (February 7th, 2024 at 4PM CET)  
  [zoom link](https://gu-se.zoom.us/j/61703354715
) 
  Meeting ID: 617 0335 4715

- In October 2021, we started the first Category Theory course of ItaCa; join us on our [zulip](https://itaca.zulipchat.com/) channel!

- As soon as the [covid-19 pandemic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COVID-19_pandemic) loosened its grip on the planet, we restarted meeting in person: since our [first](http://www.mat.unimi.it/users/itaca/) meeting in December 2019, there has been

    - <a href="https://genoa-logic-group.github.io/itaca-workshop-2021/">itaca21</a> in Genoa.
    - <a href="https://progetto-itaca.github.io/ItaCa-22/">itaca22</a> in Pisa.

<img src="/assets/images/elep-low.jpg" style="width: 100%;" align="right" />

<p style="text-align:right; font-size:small;">
<em>— Blind monks examining an elephant</em> <br>
Hanabusa Itchō
</p>

Commit message:

ogni riferimento a zulip è stato rimosso

index.md, after:

---
title: ItaCa
---

<img src="/assets/images/banner.jpg" style="width: 100%;" />


## What is ItaCa?

Our name stands for **Ita**lian **Ca**tegory theorists, but it also reminds the island where Odysseus strived so hard to come back.

During the [Category Theory 2019](http://conferences.inf.ed.ac.uk/ct2019/) in Scotland, it became apparent how many Italians are present in the Category Theory community: some of us proposed to join them all in an official network. This is **ItaCa**: a group of mathematicians scattered all around the world, united by their love for Category Theory and their Italian heritage.

The community we would like to create is as open and inclusive as possible, without distinction of gender, ethnicity, language, or mathematical opinion. The island of ItaCa is open to all kinds of mathematicians, no matter their nationality and background.

It is, however, made by Italians, and more generally by category theorists in Italy, and has a core of Italians among the organizers and promoters.

This is to say: despite its apparent absence from the scenes, Italian Category Theory exists, and we want it to thrive.

We are still a small community, but we are slowly growing. You are more than welcome to **join us** and help us grow! In particular, feel free to join our [Mailing List](mailto:progettoitaca+subscribe@googlegroups.com) sending a subscription email (it can have arbitrary subject and body), and our [Facebook group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/507590330041282/).

## Latest news

- [ItaCa Fest 2024](pages/fest24.html) is coming; stay tuned.

- [ItaCa 2024](https://www.math.unipd.it) is also coming; stay tuned.

<img src="/assets/images/elep-low.jpg" style="width: 100%;" align="right" />

<p style="text-align:right; font-size:small;">
<em>— Blind monks examining an elephant</em> <br>
Hanabusa Itchō
</p>
