pages/fest21.md, before:

---
title: Itaca Fest 2021
---

# ItaCa Fest 2021

ItaCa Fest is an online webinar aimed to gather the community of ItaCa. 


## April 19, 2021

14:30 UTC+1 on <a href="">zoom</a>

<a name="fest4"></a>
<center>
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Speaker</th>
      <th>Affiliation</th>
      <th>Talk</th>
      <th>Material</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr style="background-color:#fbe49d	">
      <td>14:30</td>
      <td><a href="https://math.univ-lille1.fr/~dellambr/" target="_blank"><strong>Dell'Ambrogio</strong></a></td>
      <td><a href="http://math.univ-lille1.fr/d7/" target="_blank">Université de Lille</a></td>
      <td><b>TBA</b></td>
      <td><a href="">▤</a> <a href="" target="_blank">▶</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>15:15</td>
      <td colspan="4">Question time </td>
    </tr>
    <tr style="background-color:#fbe49d">
      <td>15:30</td>
      <td><a href="https://www.ioc.ee/~pawel/" target="_blank"><strong>Sobociński</strong></a></td>
      <td><a href="https://www.taltech.ee" target="_blank">TalTech</a></td>
      <td><b>TBA</b></td>
      <td><a href="">▤</a> <a href="" target="_blank">▶</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>16:15</td>
      <td colspan="4">Question time </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>16:30</td>
      <td colspan="4">Free chat </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
</center>

## May 20, 2021

14:30 UTC+1 on <a href="">zoom</a>

<a name="fest4"></a>
<center>
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Speaker</th>
      <th>Affiliation</th>
      <th>Talk</th>
      <th>Material</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr style="background-color:#fbe49d	">
      <td>14:30</td>
      <td><a href="http://www.math.yorku.ca/~tholen/" target="_blank"><strong>Tholen</strong></a></td>
      <td><a href="https://www.yorku.ca" target="_blank">York University</a></td>
      <td><b>TBA</b></td>
      <td><a href="">▤</a> <a href="" target="_blank">▶</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>15:15</td>
      <td colspan="4">Question time </td>
    </tr>
    <tr style="background-color:#fbe49d">
      <td>15:30</td>
      <td><a href="https://ioc.ee/~amar/" target="_blank"><strong>Hadzihasanovic</strong></a></td>
      <td><a href="https://www.taltech.ee" target="_blank">TalTech</a></td>
      <td><b>TBA</b></td>
      <td><a href="">▤</a> <a href="" target="_blank">▶</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>16:15</td>
      <td colspan="4">Question time </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>16:30</td>
      <td colspan="4">Free chat </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
</center>


## June 10, 2021

14:30 UTC+1 on <a href="">zoom</a>

<a name="fest4"></a>
<center>
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Speaker</th>
      <th>Affiliation</th>
      <th>Talk</th>
      <th>Material</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr style="background-color:#fbe49d	">
      <td>14:30</td>
      <td><a href="https://www.oliviacaramello.com" target="_blank"><strong>Caramello</strong></a></td>
      <td><a href="http://www4.uninsubria.it/on-line/home/articolo10327.html" target="_blank">Università dell'Insubria</a></td>
      <td><b>TBA</b></td>
      <td><a href="">▤</a> <a href="" target="_blank">▶</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>15:15</td>
      <td colspan="4">Question time </td>
    </tr>
    <tr style="background-color:#fbe49d">
      <td>15:30</td>
      <td><a href="http://homepages.ulb.ac.be/~psaracco/" target="_blank"><strong>Saracco</strong></a></td>
      <td><a href="https://www.ulb.be" target="_blank">Université Libre de Bruxelles</a></td>
      <td><b>TBA</b></td>
      <td><a href="">▤</a> <a href="" target="_blank">▶</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>16:15</td>
      <td colspan="4">Question time </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>16:30</td>
      <td colspan="4">Free chat </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
</center>

<!-- the <a href="name.html#pc">Programme Committee</a> and <a href="name.html#sc">Scientific Committee</a>. -->

## Programme Committee
- <a href="http://math.unipa.it/metere" target="_blank">Giuseppe (Beppe) Metere</a>
- <a href="http://diliberti.github.io" target="_blank">Ivan Di Liberti</a>
- <a href="https://edolana.github.io" target="_blank">Edoardo Lanari</a>
- <a href="http://tetrapharmakon.github.io" target="_blank">Fosco Loregian</a>
- <a href="http://www.paoloperrone.org" target="_blank">Paolo Perrone</a>
<hr>

<p>
This seminars series is supported by the “National Group for Algebraic and Geometric Structures, and their Applications” (GNSAGA – INDAM)”
</p>

<img src="../INdAM_logo.svg" style="width: 150px;">

Commit message:

added researchseminars link in fest21

pages/fest21.md, after:

---
title: Itaca Fest 2021
---

# ItaCa Fest 2021

ItaCa Fest is an online webinar aimed to gather the community of ItaCa. You can find us on [Researchseminars](https://researchseminars.org/seminar/itaca){:target="_blank"}.


## April 19, 2021

14:30 UTC+1 on <a href="">zoom</a>

<a name="fest4"></a>
<center>
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Speaker</th>
      <th>Affiliation</th>
      <th>Talk</th>
      <th>Material</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr style="background-color:#fbe49d	">
      <td>14:30</td>
      <td><a href="https://math.univ-lille1.fr/~dellambr/" target="_blank"><strong>Dell'Ambrogio</strong></a></td>
      <td><a href="http://math.univ-lille1.fr/d7/" target="_blank">Université de Lille</a></td>
      <td><b>TBA</b></td>
      <td><a href="">▤</a> <a href="" target="_blank">▶</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>15:15</td>
      <td colspan="4">Question time </td>
    </tr>
    <tr style="background-color:#fbe49d">
      <td>15:30</td>
      <td><a href="https://www.ioc.ee/~pawel/" target="_blank"><strong>Sobociński</strong></a></td>
      <td><a href="https://www.taltech.ee" target="_blank">TalTech</a></td>
      <td><b>TBA</b></td>
      <td><a href="">▤</a> <a href="" target="_blank">▶</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>16:15</td>
      <td colspan="4">Question time </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>16:30</td>
      <td colspan="4">Free chat </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
</center>

## May 20, 2021

14:30 UTC+1 on <a href="">zoom</a>

<a name="fest4"></a>
<center>
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Speaker</th>
      <th>Affiliation</th>
      <th>Talk</th>
      <th>Material</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr style="background-color:#fbe49d	">
      <td>14:30</td>
      <td><a href="http://www.math.yorku.ca/~tholen/" target="_blank"><strong>Tholen</strong></a></td>
      <td><a href="https://www.yorku.ca" target="_blank">York University</a></td>
      <td><b>TBA</b></td>
      <td><a href="">▤</a> <a href="" target="_blank">▶</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>15:15</td>
      <td colspan="4">Question time </td>
    </tr>
    <tr style="background-color:#fbe49d">
      <td>15:30</td>
      <td><a href="https://ioc.ee/~amar/" target="_blank"><strong>Hadzihasanovic</strong></a></td>
      <td><a href="https://www.taltech.ee" target="_blank">TalTech</a></td>
      <td><b>TBA</b></td>
      <td><a href="">▤</a> <a href="" target="_blank">▶</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>16:15</td>
      <td colspan="4">Question time </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>16:30</td>
      <td colspan="4">Free chat </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
</center>


## June 10, 2021

14:30 UTC+1 on <a href="">zoom</a>

<a name="fest4"></a>
<center>
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Time</th>
      <th>Speaker</th>
      <th>Affiliation</th>
      <th>Talk</th>
      <th>Material</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr style="background-color:#fbe49d	">
      <td>14:30</td>
      <td><a href="https://www.oliviacaramello.com" target="_blank"><strong>Caramello</strong></a></td>
      <td><a href="http://www4.uninsubria.it/on-line/home/articolo10327.html" target="_blank">Università dell'Insubria</a></td>
      <td><b>TBA</b></td>
      <td><a href="">▤</a> <a href="" target="_blank">▶</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>15:15</td>
      <td colspan="4">Question time </td>
    </tr>
    <tr style="background-color:#fbe49d">
      <td>15:30</td>
      <td><a href="http://homepages.ulb.ac.be/~psaracco/" target="_blank"><strong>Saracco</strong></a></td>
      <td><a href="https://www.ulb.be" target="_blank">Université Libre de Bruxelles</a></td>
      <td><b>TBA</b></td>
      <td><a href="">▤</a> <a href="" target="_blank">▶</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>16:15</td>
      <td colspan="4">Question time </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>16:30</td>
      <td colspan="4">Free chat </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
</center>

<!-- the <a href="name.html#pc">Programme Committee</a> and <a href="name.html#sc">Scientific Committee</a>. -->

## Programme Committee
- <a href="http://math.unipa.it/metere" target="_blank">Giuseppe (Beppe) Metere</a>
- <a href="http://diliberti.github.io" target="_blank">Ivan Di Liberti</a>
- <a href="https://edolana.github.io" target="_blank">Edoardo Lanari</a>
- <a href="http://tetrapharmakon.github.io" target="_blank">Fosco Loregian</a>
- <a href="http://www.paoloperrone.org" target="_blank">Paolo Perrone</a>
<hr>

<p>
This seminars series is supported by the “National Group for Algebraic and Geometric Structures, and their Applications” (GNSAGA – INDAM)”
</p>

<img src="../INdAM_logo.svg" style="width: 150px;">
